[docs] Clarify the purpose of running a build interactively prior to implementing CI (#31407)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/building-on-ci.mdx

This document outlines how to trigger builds on EAS for your app from a CI environment such as GitHub Actions, Travis CI, and more.

## Prerequisites

### Run a successful build from your local machine

> To trigger EAS builds from a CI environment, your app needs to be setup to use EAS Build in non-interactive mode. The  way to do this is by taking care of the EAS Build initialization steps and running a successful build from your local terminal for each platform you would like to support on CI. This way, the `eas build` command can prompt interactively for any additional configuration it needs, and then that configuration will be available for future non-interactive runs on CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger EAS builds from a CI environment, your app needs to be set up to use EAS Build in non-interactive mode. To do this, go through the EAS Build initialization steps and running a successful build from your local terminal for each platform you would like to support on CI. This way, the `eas build` command can prompt for any additional configuration it needs, and then that configuration will be available for future non-interactive runs on CI.
```

- In the first sentence, let's use verb instead of noun for set up to imply that this is an action user has to take.
- The second and third sentences are a bit hard to read. My suggestion will be to break the last part of the third sentence. 
- Also, since the prompt will only happen in non-interactive mode and only when any other additional config is required, so we can lose the adverb interactively here.

Running a build locally will accomplish the following critical configuration steps:

> - Initialize the project on EAS, generating a `projectId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Initialize the project on EAS by generating a `projectId`.
```

- Add an **eas.json** file defining your build profiles.

> - Ensure app config fields critical for native builds are populated, such as Android `packageName` and iOS `bundleIdentifier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Populates critical app config properties for native builds, such as `android.packageName` and `ios.bundleIdentifier`.
```
- On the [app config reference page](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/config/app/), we use "properties instead of "fields". Sticking to the same terminology helps the reader to follow the connection.
- Should we use the app config field names directly and include the platform properties as part of the syntax?
- IIRC, this initialization step also prompts to add `android.package` and/or `bundleIdentifier` if they are not set already. So we can improve this sentence's readability?
